# Image-Conditioned Autocorrection in Medical Reporting
https://cs.columbia.edu/~aa4870/health-autocorrect.pdf

## Abstract
In medical reporting, the accuracy of radiological reports, whether generated by humans or machine learning algorithms, is critical. We tackle a new task in this paper: image-conditioned autocorrection of inaccuracies within these reports. Using the MIMIC-CXR dataset, we first intentionally introduce a diverse range of errors into reports. Subsequently, we propose a two-stage framework capable of pinpointing these errors and then making corrections. This method aims to address the shortcomings of existing automated medical reporting systems, like factual errors and incorrect conclusions, enhancing report reliability in vital healthcare applications. Importantly, our approach could serve as a guardrail, ensuring the accuracy and trustworthiness of automated report generation. Experiments on established datasets validate this method’s potential in correcting medical reporting errors

## Citation

```
@article{health-autocorrect2023,
    title={Image-Conditioned Autocorrection in Medical Reporting},
    author={Asiimwe, Arnold Caleb and D´ıdac Sur´ıs and Vondrick, Carl and Rajpurkar, Pranav},
    year={2023},
    note={Manuscript submitted for publication}
}

```

## Notice

This project includes third-party software components that are subject to their respective licenses, as described in the [NOTICE](NOTICE) file, which provides information about the third-party components used, including their names, licenses, and copyright holders. Please review the NOTICE file before using or distributing this software.

---
